my name is Gina Salerno I I'm an artist
living which that Kansas Allah
work is in wood so i use trees that
either were taught by storm or the owner
of the house wanted to cut them i
consider myself a multimedia artist that
uses wood as the primary element i was
making little pieces little wood
carvings and somebody from the parks
department saw them and they thought I
could make a bigger one and one time
there was a tornado going through
riverside park and there were a lot of
trees that were cut down so they asked
me if i want to do a big one in the park
i did and i liked it and they liked it
so they asked me to do more and just
keep going on from there alright we get
a tree here make these shapes you look
like somewhat flattened grounded rocks
similar today
inukshuk sin Alaska the most important
part is the concept when you need to
have an idea of what you want first in
some cases like in private commissions
the person has an idea what they want I
usually start with a with an idea in my
head once I have that going and that's
like fifty percent of the job is done if
you can see the end of it it's it goes a
lot faster so once I have that I go with
a chainsaw and basically I draw on the
tree as if it was a pencil basically i
use my sauce drawing tool like I can
make shapes on the on the tree the big
saws are mostly to take a lot of wood
fast then i go into smaller tools and
then the hand tools and after that is it
finishing it's either paint or
polyurethane or oil or you know whatever
people may want at botanica they open up
the children's botanica and they asked
me to do a series of figures that we
share wood spirits so basically we work
in several lakhs and what i did i carve
the faces similar to the ones in the
lord of the rings and other children's
stories there is a guy that collects
superheroes so I made he's got about 15
different super arrow life-size it's a
very nice collection like Superman
spider-man Batman Wonder Woman all day
x-men and he's got in his in his living
room it is a temporary solution for for
that problem of you know the trees dying
and something nice to look at if the
tree has to come down either because of
disease or because it's dangerous or too
close to the house yeah it'd be a lot
better to have a figure you like them
gonna stump in there or a dead tree for
a long time so I'll be happy to help
you